Add descriptions of output files in dumpling-overview.md (#4286)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

> - Currently, the `--sql` option can be used only for exporting to CSV files.
>
> - Here you need to execute the `select * from <table-name> where id <100` statement on all tables to be exported. If some tables do not have specified fields, the export fails.
>
> - The CSV files do not distinguish between `string` and `keyword`. If the imported data is `true` and `false` of Boolean type, you need to convert them to `1` and `0`.

### Format of exported files

- `metadata`: This file contains the start time of the exported files and the position of the master binary log.

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cat metadata
    ```

    ```shell
    Started dump at: 2020-11-10 10:40:19
    SHOW MASTER STATUS:
            Log: tidb-binlog
            Pos: 420747102018863124
    Finished dump at: 2020-11-10 10:40:20
    ```

> - `{schema}-schema-create.sql`: The SQL file that creates the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{schema}-schema-create.sql`: The SQL file used to create the schema
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cat test-schema-create.sql
    ```

    ```shell
    CREATE DATABASE `test` /*!40100 DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8mb4 */;
    ```

> - `{schema}.{table}-schema.sql`: The SQL file that creates the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{schema}.{table}-schema.sql`: The SQL file used to create the table
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cat test.t1-schema.sql
    ```

    ```shell
    CREATE TABLE `t1` (
      `id` int(11) DEFAULT NULL
    ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_bin;
    ```

> - `{schema}.{table}.{0001}.{sql|csv`}: Date source file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{schema}.{table}.{0001}.{sql|csv`}: The date source file
```
